---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "git_clone Resource - terraform-provider-git"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Clones a Git repository similar to git clone.
---

# git_clone (Resource)

Clones a Git repository similar to `git clone`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "git_clone" "clone" {
  directory      = "/path/to/git/repository"
  url            = "https://github.com/orga/owner.git"
  reference_name = "some-branch"
}

resource "git_clone" "bare" {
  directory = "/path/to/git/repository"
  url            = "https://github.com/orga/owner.git"
  reference_name = "some-branch"
  bare           = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `directory` (String) The path to the local Git repository.
- `url` (String) The (possibly remote) repository URL to clone from.

### Optional

- `auth` (Attributes) The authentication credentials, if required, to use with the remote repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth))
- `bare` (Boolean) Whether we should perform a bare clone. Defaults to `false`.
- `ca_bundle_file_path` (String) File system path to an additional CA bundle to use together with the system cert pool.
- `insecure_skip_tls` (Boolean) Skip SSL verification if protocol is HTTPS.
- `reference_name` (String) Name of the remote to be added. Defaults to 'main'.
- `remote_name` (String) Name of the remote to be added. Defaults to 'origin'.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The import ID to import this resource which is equal to the value of the `directory` attribute.
- `sha1` (String) The SHA1 hash of the created commit.

<a id="nestedatt--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth`

Optional:

- `basic` (Attributes) Configure basic auth authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth--basic))
- `bearer` (String) Configure HTTP bearer token authentication. **Note**: Services like GitHub use basic auth with your OAuth2 personal access token as the password.
- `ssh_agent` (Attributes) Configure SSH agent based authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth--ssh_agent))
- `ssh_key` (Attributes) Configure SSH public/private key authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth--ssh_key))
- `ssh_password` (Attributes) Configure password based SSH authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth--ssh_password))

<a id="nestedatt--auth--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.basic`

Required:

- `password` (String) The basic auth password.
- `username` (String) The basic auth username.


<a id="nestedatt--auth--ssh_agent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.ssh_agent`

Optional:

- `known_hosts` (Set of String) The list of known hosts files to accept. If none are specified, system defaults will be used.
- `username` (String) The system username of the user talking to the SSH agent. Use an empty string in order to automatically fetch this.


<a id="nestedatt--auth--ssh_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.ssh_key`

Optional:

- `known_hosts` (Set of String) The list of known hosts files to accept. If none are specified, system defaults will be used.
- `password` (String) The SSH key password.
- `private_key_path` (String) The absolute path to the private SSH key.
- `private_key_pem` (String) The private SSH key in PEM format.
- `username` (String) The SSH auth username.


<a id="nestedatt--auth--ssh_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.ssh_password`

Required:

- `password` (String) The SSH password.
- `username` (String) The SSH username.

Optional:

- `known_hosts` (Set of String) The list of known hosts files to accept. If none are specified, system defaults will be used.
